It's short!
Nice save.
More importantly, Kageyama.
We get to play another set!
Shiratorizawa!
Keep playing badly and I'll have you all sprint home!
We actually had to do that when I was a first-year.
It was after the third-years' farewell match.
The only reason you need to win is that you are who you are.
I'm confident in the members I picked for this team.
Shiratorizawa!
For the final set,
I'm thinking about having Sugawara start.
Shiratorizawa!
Yes, sir!
We're counting on you, Sugawara!
It'll be fine.
I don't have to panic.
Sugawara, give it your all!
They've put me in during tough spots before.
Suga, give me a whole bunch of sets!
Shiratorizawa!
Shit.
My body's warmed up, but my hands are cold.
Shiratorizawa!
I-I'm not ready to get married yet!
Don't worry.
I don't plan on marrying you, Sugawara.
You don't know that for sure!
I'll hold your hand for you.
No, I'll do it.
No! Stop! Shimizu's scent's gonna go away!
Shut up! You can't hog it all for yourself!
They look like they're going to be just fine.
Stop!
The final set is upon us.
Sugawara's starting?
I-I'm even more nervous now.
Kageyama seems like he's pretty exhausted.
They're probably going to let him rest and put him back in when they need him the most.
That only works if they can make it that far.
This might be a bit much for Mr. Refreshing.
Huh? You're changing your setter?
That's no fun.
If you aren't sure what to do, just set the ball to me.
Well, aren't you reliable! What are you, the ace?
Yes, I am!
We're counting on you, Tsutomu.
You can do it, future ace!
Right!
Let's stop them here!
Yeah!
Sorry!
Asahi!
All right!
The fifth set only goes up to 15 points, right?
It does?
Yeah, it goes by in a flash.
Hopefully they can go all the way without Shiratorizawa catching up.
Sugawara is a dependable setter.
He won't fall apart!
Yeah!
Or so we hope!
It's Ushiwaka!
All right!
Damn it.
Give us a good serve, Taichi!
This pressure is insane.
Move up!
Got it!
Sorry!
That set was low. I have to stop panicking!
It's definitely going to be to the left.
It's going out!
D'oh!
The middle was covered, so you picked the safe choice and went left for the second time.
You're so easy to read!
Well, our left wing spikers are pretty great!
Oh, I just want to break your heart.
We have good spikers.
I know that more than anyone.
Give us a good serve, Asahi!
Got it!
Our team is plenty good.
But...
Nishinoya!
...we don't stop there!
They're having the libero set while doing a synchronized attack with everyone else?!
Asahi!
There's still a little time left, so could you hit some of my sets?
Noya! Let me hit a few too!
Sounds good, Ryuu!
Oh, me too.
You'll throw them up for us, Suga?
That'll be perfect!
Um, not exactly.
I'm gonna spike.
All right!
All of them...
They didn't leave anyone back to dig out a block?
Yeah!
Looks like we didn't have to worry about him falling apart.
Nice one, Suga! I love ya!
Looks like our minds were a bit closed off.
My weapon is my reliability.
But...
I can do new things too!
Yes! We scored back-to-back points!
Nice spike, Suga!
Yeah!
You did it!
Satori!
How many times do I have to tell you?! Don't jump just on instinct!
But I've scored a lot of points with just my instincts.
That's not always going to work.
There's a limit to how far individual skills will take you.
If it doesn't feel good to me, there's no point.
Practice just comes to a dead halt when Tendou's around.
Though it's nice to be able to rest.
Actually, he's kinda scary.
You never know what he's thinking.
I know, right?
I just want to play volleyball that makes me feel good.
As long as you can score, I don't have any complaints.
Keep on breaking them!
What, you say?
Their hearts...
Hey, Wakatoshi, you see that "Ring" movie last week?
I didn't.
It's scary, but I ended up watching it because the leading actress, Brunhilde Reiko, is super cute!
I see.
Isn't Brunhilde Reiko cute?
The only person who could excitedly talk to Wakatoshi about something on TV is Satori.
I don't know who that is.
But you know, I'm not sure about the other girl, at least in my opinion.
One of them doesn't look too excited, no matter how you look at it.
You never look like you're having fun doing anything, Wakatoshi.
That's so rude!
Why'd you start playing volleyball?
My father taught me a bit about how to play.
Really?!
I thought it'd be better to fix his left-handedness early on.
What? No, that's not necessary.
We've done it in our family for generations.
I'm sorry, but please... anything but that.
The fact that he's different from other people will probably become his source of strength.
I won't complain about anything else!
Your dad played volleyball?
Yeah, he played on a second division team.
But apparently, before he got married, he got injured quite often and retired.
Really? What's his name?
Utsui Takashi.
Never heard of him.
Wait, so his name isn't Ushijima?
He took my mom's name when they got married.
Though my parents got divorced a while back.
Huh? Oh, sorry.
It's fine.
Do you ever see him?
No. He's overseas right now.
Wow, that's so cool!
Then if you become a star, he'll see you play!
Perhaps.
I think back in your dad's time, Shiratorizawa won nationals.
Seriously?! That's awesome!
So, did you want to be like your dad?
No, not really.
I see.
It's just...
Our ace was literally the best ace in Japan.
Back then, he was 190 cm tall.
He was a third-year, yet he was still growing.
But that wasn't why he was good.
He made you think that if you set the ball to him, he'd never disappoint you.
He'd make it work out somehow.
It made you get all excited.
I wanted to be like that.
All right!
Why don't you do that too, Kageyama?
I can't.
I haven't practiced that.
I haven't practiced working with Nishinoya.
Already? That was fast!
Well, once someone takes the lead in the fifth set, it's over in no time.
Take those points back!
That's all.
Yes, sir!
Karasuno sure does some reckless attacks.
Yeah.
I've never seen a libero set and then everyone else comes in to attack.
You're impressed by that, but you don't like their number ten, huh?
I'm guessing you don't like him because he's so enigmatic, right?
Things you don't understand are scary.
I'm not scared.
No, no, but at the very least you don't like him!
And that's a new feeling for you, isn't it?
Do it again, Asahi!
Th-This time, we hit the net and just barely made it over!
Do that again!
Yes! He broke through!
How beautiful.
All right!
The fact that he's different from other people
will probably become his source of strength.
Give us a good serve again, Ushijima!
Wakatoshi!
We're counting on you to hit a hard one!
Bring it!
Nice spike, Ushijima!
Sorry!
We'll get the next one!
You have to stop him here!
If they get any more points, we're in trouble!
Daichi!
Suga, get the last hit!
He got the setter to receive it. Nice!
Tendou!
Righto!
Hup.
I thought he'd definitely hit to me, given which way his body was facing,
but he changed his aim at the last possible second.
Join a good team.
Nice set, me!
Talented and interesting players gather in a good environment.
Nice aim!
And if you become better, you'll be able to go up against all kinds of people.
Talented players, weird players, and new players.
I'm sure that they'll make you better.
Well, that's only if you want to continue playing volleyball.
No matter what form it takes, I'll be happy if you like it.
That was some really nice aim.
It was amazing.
To borrow Tendou's words for a second...
I'm starting to get into it!
It's going out!
All right!
Shiratorizawa took back the lead!
Wakatoshi's serves can still be pretty erratic,
but he's doing amazingly today.
Looks like you lit a fire under our ace.
He got it!
Get the ball back over the net!
Here's our chance to score!
Ushiwaka from the back row?
I touched it!
Nice spike, Ushijima!
So annoying... Ushijima!
Thanks!
That was close.
Usually, you want to jump up when the spiker looks like they're going to hit it right in front of you,
but Tsukishima typically doesn't fall for decoys.
So he's read blocking.
Wherever the set goes, Tsukishima will be there.
Having a wall pop up in front of you no matter what must be extremely discomforting.
And if that keeps happening over the course of five sets,
it'll end up being pretty stressful for even the most unflappable person.
In front!
We can score here!
What?!
You're not getting through.
Let's try again!
I touched it!
He's just like Aone!
Nice contact!
Damn, Tsukki is so freaking reliable!
Here's our chance!
He predicted what I'd do?!
Setting to the middle blocker when there's a block waiting is scary, right? I get it.
That's why you set to the left wing spiker. Yep. Totally understandable.
Let's...
go...
again!
His concentration is amazing.
With such a long rally and their exhaustion,
it wouldn't be weird if their bodies were moving faster than their minds.
But he's taking in just the info he needs!
Nice aim...
It's out?!
Sorry.
I-It's fine.
He made a mistake?! So lucky!
Luck has nothing to do with it!
That mistake is proof of how hard he was trying to avoid the block!
Huh?
What? It was overturned?
What?
The ball just barely hit the block.
It's Shiratorizawa's point.
Seriously?!
They're on the right track, though!
Get refocused, guys!
Um...
There's something wrong with his hand.
Damn it.
What?
It must've been cut when you touched Ushiwaka's spike.
At least I hope that's all it is.
Narita!
Y-Yes, sir!
Damn. Talk about bad timing.
Thankfully, it was just my pinky. If I can just endure the pain...
How long until it stops bleeding?
If we just tape it up...
The next rotation will have Hinata in the front row.
I need to figure something out by then.
Get him to the infirmary.
Oh dear. He got hurt?
It'll hurt the team more having him out this late in the match.
You'd better buy me some time!
By the time you get back, we'll already be bound for nationals!
All right! Concentrate!
Right!
Kazuhito! You're not alone in your blocks!
I'll be right behind you!
Right!
Don't hold back and go for it, just like we practiced!
Looks like he had to leave.
But we're not gonna hold back.
Of course not.
Kei!
What are you doing here?
Though I knew you were.
I came to see my younger brother fight bravely, of course!
Though it looks like you're not going to die from that.
Why would I die?
Even if I'm not dead, I'm being pretty useless when it matters most.
On the other hand, I'm pretty tired after playing five sets, so it's sort of nice to be able to rest.
Even though my hand hurts.
"My teammates can win without me!"
You just have to believe that.
Don't worry.
You don't have to worry about going back just to see them lose.
I guess Tsukishima can make that kind of face now.
If we don't show them what we're made of now, we never will!
Bring it.
Bring it!
Nice, Daichi!
Center!
He's doing it again!
I hate doing setter dumps. They're scary.
It's the same with spikes.
I can't risk messing up if I try to step outside my usual role.
But you have to risk something if you want a reward!
Karasuno is only Karasuno when we're persistently attacking!
Right!
Full-team synchronized attack!
Go!
Don't join our team, Tendou!
Monsters aren't allowed on human teams!
Yeah, he does look like a monster.
Good job predicting what they'd do, Satori.
It was just a hunch.
Ever since I first saw that expression,
I haven't been satisfied by just deflecting the ball.
What're you doing, Tendou?
Look at this.
Isn't my haircut from when I was a kid super fashionable?
Whoa, is that really you?! It's the same as Tsutomu's!
Did you call?
Don't look! You'll end up wanting to get a bowl cut!
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"An Annoying Guy."
Got a wish that can't be forced through
Barely hanging on and staying true
With a little help from timing and your crew
You can still stay standing
Wanna take the fight head-on
Might get lost, but keep on keeping on
'Cause that's where your chance lies
The rest is up to you, yes
The rest is up to you
Make your dreams and ideals come true
Or sit tight and let the future pass on through
The rest is up to you
You ain't the luckiest of guys
And you ain't anywhere near wise
The winds of change are too bright for your eyes
But you wanna have all the luck
Stuff all the wisdom junk in your trunk
And live holding your head up high
The rest is up to you, yes
It's all up to you People might call you naive
And say you're not doing it right
But the rest is up to you
Don't lose your way, and push on anew
It's all up to you
Light a fire in every cell of your body
By taking a deep, long breath
Turn your blood and tears into offerings
Carry a torch fueled by your desires
And scream out at full volume Let there be light
With a prayer for the future, start your sprint
Let there be light, use the dark as your runway
And sprint through the path you chose
Let there be light, believe in the glory within your grasp
And run headlong into the despair in front of you
Let there be light
There is only one reason I kick the ground
It is so I shine brighter and soar higher than before
Let there be light, so that your brilliance of today
Shows your friends who are lost The way to the future
To those who bear the cross of their dreams
The warriors who seek eternal glory Let there be light
Episode Seven: Obsession Episode Seven: Obsession
Episode Eight: An Annoying Guy
Karasuno                   Shiratorizawa
Karasuno                  Shiratorizawa
Karasuno                    Shiratorizawa
Ushijima
Karasuno                   Shiratorizawa
Karasuno                    Shiratorizawa
Karasuno                  Shiratorizawa
Be Courageous Warriors Be Courageous Warriors
Karasuno                   Shiratorizawa
Karasuno                  Shiratorizawa
Japanese National High School Volleyball Tournament
Fly Fly Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy
Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy
Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy !!
!!
Haikyuu Haikyuu !!
Haikyuu !!
Haikyuu